kiev
actually been looking for a platform of
thanks in the very masculine side
the masculine attitude that a person
can have when I masculine it's more
anchored more powerful flora this is
was often looking for a moment of grace
all cases the bond is more anchored
and because the last one was so
full mine is so much going for
is what I will be stronger there
had python crocodile
he came mine brion to hold up
most of the time and rita who bad
just taste but I loved playing well
with that are stolen moments
often stolen moments that you're
in the bar you're just a story
loving that you are you are dating in
nobody or that of a corner of the street that
are celebrating these are just stolen moments
sacred but looking for elegance
experts
m
I
he
no
eagle
to c
but
see the gods though
God
you may wayne
m
insee
it is
he
ah ah
but
a fan not forbidden madness of
twelve dead in the ships but this
evening is now the lattes and leila
1 100 kg also in France
when we are in the place the place
of the Communist Party obviously
beautiful which is a building that has been
built by an energetic and awesome
ten best here that is actually in
the years so I think it's early
70 this place that absolutely extraordinary
validated that matches completely with the
collection it was clothes a little
futuristic but also mix with
the aspiration the English tradition ca the
kilt all things how will they do
that counted com and hispanics as well
cook them nails all this but reviewed
in a way to ghlin dips barth where he
used to make volumes almost
adrenaline a few votes for the team
renewed kilt and then and then and then
the special side there was of
transparent transparency of clothing
sometimes even to be at this moment this
which showed the construction what
had for example jackets so the
mutu fabric was transparent and one
saw all the interlining all is not
says where all things regret in
different materials
it was quite a game with regard to the
relationship between roasts and
drugs like it's our love and hate
what have at the same time what in everything in
fully respecting and teaching in
ultimately very well egality
liberty frivolity
what can they
Oh
my inspiration was john lilly who
is one of the favorite illustrators apart
we lose her heroine gwendoline who will
at las vegas so it was very magical
cabaret it was a bit more sophisticated
that usually there was news
shapes of his who had the hat bag
with the rabbit ears there was the
matchbox otherwise there is still
minaudières in the shape of a book
this is my sister who spoke out of
hat at the end in white rabbit
however rang but in Arabic and to
eyes